docs/Support-Tiers: rewrite for more clarity (#21022)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Support-Tiers.md

These tiers describe the level of compatibility, automation coverage, and community support that the project actively maintains. They also set expectations for how we handle issues, pull requests, and regressions.

## Tier 1

A Tier 1 configuration is considered fully supported. These configurations receive the highest level of CI coverage and are prioritized during issue review and formula development.

Users can expect:

- the most reliable experience using Homebrew
- reproducible bugs to be investigated and, where possible, fixed by Homebrew maintainers
- no warning output related to system configuration
- full CI coverage for testing and bottle builds
- support through Homebrew’s GitHub issue trackers
- pull requests to be blocked if they fail on Tier 1 systems

### macOS

To qualify as Tier 1, a macOS configuration must meet all of the following:

- On official Apple hardware (not a Hackintosh or virtual machine)
- Running the latest patch release of a macOS version supported by Apple for that hardware and included in Homebrew’s CI coverage (typically the latest stable or prerelease version and the two preceding versions)
- Installed in the default prefix:

>   - `/opt/homebrew` on Apple silicon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon
```

  - `/usr/local` on Intel x86_64

> - Using a supported architecture (Apple silicon or Intel x86_64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using a supported architecture (Apple Silicon or Intel x86_64)
```

- Not building official packages from source (i.e. using bottles)
- Installed on the Mac’s internal storage (not external or removable drives)
- Running with `sudo` access available
- Xcode Command Line Tools installed and up to date

### Linux

To qualify as Tier 1, a Linux configuration must meet all of the following:

- Running on:

>   - Ubuntu within its [standard support window](https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle), or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ubuntu within its [standard support window](https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle) or
```

- Installed in the default prefix: `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`
- Using a supported architecture (ARM64/AArch64 or Intel x86_64)
- Not building official packages from source (i.e. using bottles)
- Running with `sudo` access available

## Tier 2

A Tier 2 configuration is not fully supported. These configurations are outside the scope of complete CI coverage and may not consistently function as expected.

The following conditions typically apply:

- Homebrew may be usable but with reduced reliability or performance
- Pull requests that fix issues specific to these configurations may be considered, but maintainers do not commit to resolving related bugs
- `brew doctor` will output warnings related to configuration
- CI coverage may be incomplete; bottles may be unavailable or fail to install
- Issues that only affect these configurations may be closed without investigation
- Support is generally limited to community responses on Homebrew’s Discussions

Tier 2 configurations include:

- macOS prerelease versions before they are promoted to Tier 1
- Linux systems with `glibc` versions between 2.13 and 2.34 (Homebrew’s own `glibc` formula will be installed automatically)

> - Homebrew installed outside the default prefix, requiring source builds for official packages (e.g. non-standard installs of `/opt/homebrew`, `/usr/local`, or `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Homebrew installed outside the default prefix, requiring source builds for official packages (i.e. installing outside `/opt/homebrew`, `/usr/local`, or `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`)
```

- Architectures not yet officially supported by Homebrew
- Macs using OpenCore Legacy Patcher with a Westmere or newer Intel CPU

## Tier 3

A Tier 3 configuration is not supported. These configurations fall far outside Homebrew’s testing infrastructure and may fail to function reliably, even if basic installation is possible.

The following conditions typically apply:

- Homebrew may work, but with a poor and unstable experience
- Migration to a Tier 1 or 2 configuration, or to a non-Homebrew tool, is strongly recommended

> - Pull requests must meet a very high bar: they must resolve an issue (not merely work around it) and must not introduce high ongoing maintenance cost (e.g. no custom patches)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull requests must meet a very high bar: they must resolve an issue (not merely work around it) and must not introduce high ongoing maintenance cost (e.g. no custom patches that haven't been already merged upstream)
```
